hello welcome to my channel abc today les
I'm going to show you how to make rice atole
We are going to need 2 liters of milk
a teaspoon of vanilla one
spoonful of cinnamon powder a cup of
rice this rice is
I know how these are soaked must
rinse it and sugar to taste
since we have our our rose
rinsed
we are going to put it to our milk
While the milk boils, let's leave
this is soaked a little
this rate is two cups we already have a
cup of rice I'm going to put a cup of
milk
to
What you do now is add the
cinnamon
to our milk if you do not like cinnamon
to dust you can put a hairline
cinnamon
well now what we are going to do is
add our milk together with the water
to our blender
ah
I like it
now
two
and we are going to grind it as much as possible
immediately they have what
will be in your milk because you will be where
the seats are left
Y
i
plus
let's drink a little water and go
to rinse out very well what was left of
rice
good and our atole must be
moving constantly
until it thickens
good since it 's people I try to give them
let's add half a cup of sugar
and the teaspoon of vanilla
and we will keep moving
let's let it boil
in that is our tone
how can you see
this thick
not so thick 7 like very thick you
you can put another half cup of rice
and I tried it the truth it was very
I do not know if they dare to do it anymore
you know if they do comment on how they
If you liked the recipe, share it and
Leave me a comment and a little finger up